---
title: "Conference/Symposium Presentations"
collection: talks
type: "Conferences"
permalink: /talks/conferences
---
(Advisees are underlined)

* <span style="color:green">[15]</span> **Luan H**. “HIV infection prevalence significantly intersects with COVID-19 infection at the area-level: a USA county-level spatial analysis”. _Intersectionality and Public Health Symposium_, May 7, Chicago. <span style="color:red">(Online, peer-reviewed)</span>

* <span style="color:green">[14]</span> **Luan H**. “Estimating county-level mortality rates using left-censored data: a Bayesian spatiotemporal approach”. SPATIAL ACCURACY 2020, July 7-10, Buffalo, USA. <span style="color:red">[Cancelled due to COVID-19]</span>

* <span style="color:green">[13]</span> <u>Song I</u> and **Luan H**. “Does missing data mechanism matter?: Exploring its effect on spatiotemporal data imputation accuracy”. _SPATIAL ACCURACY 2020_, July 7-10, Buffalo, USA. <span style="color:red">[Cancelled due to COVID-19]</span>

* <span style="color:green">[12]</span> **Luan H**, Ransome Y, Nassau T, and Brady K. “Bayesian spatiotemporal models for zero-inflated count data: Exploring the trends of late HIV diagnosis rates among Black/African American population in Philadelphia, 2010-2016”, _American Association of Geographers Annual Meeting_, April 6-10, 2020, Denver, USA. <span style="color:red">[Cancelled due to COVID-19]</span>

* <span style="color:green">[11]</span> <u>Song I</u> and **Luan H**. “Local explanations of individual characteristics and district-level air pollution on low birth weight in South Korea: a Bayesian network approach”. _American Association of Geographers Annual Meeting_, April 6-10, 2020, Denver, USA. <span style="color:red">[Cancelled due to COVID-19]</span>

* <span style="color:green">[10]</span> Fuller D, **Luan H**, Alfosool A, and Chen Y. “Time weighted approaches for combining GPS and area level data to create individual measures”. _American Association of Geographers Annual Meeting_, April 6-10, 2020, Denver, USA. <span style="color:red">[Cancelled due to COVID-19]</span>

* <span style="color:green">[9]</span> **Luan H**. “Imputing censored health data at small-area levels: A Bayesian spatiotemporal modelling approach”, _American Association of Geographers Annual Meeting_, April 2-7, 2019,  Washington DC, USA.

* <span style="color:green">[8]</span> **Luan H**, Fuller D, and Dorani F. “Urban sprawl in Canada at the Census Tract level: a nationwide spatial analysis”, _Small and Adaptive Cities 2017: Sustainable futures in the urban periphery_, September 29 to October 1, 2017, St. John’s, Newfoundland, Canada.

* <span style="color:green">[7]</span> Minaker L, Law J, **Luan H**, and Quick M. “Obesity, its associations with the food environment, and spatio-temporal indicators of the food environment in the Region of Waterloo, Ontario”, _Canadian Obesity Summit_, April 26-28, 2017, Banff, Alberta, Canada.

* <span style="color:green">[6]</span> **Luan H**, Quick M, and Law J. “A spatial zero-inflated Poisson model for analyzing violent crime data with zero-inflation”, _American Association of Geographers Annual Meeting_, April 5-9, 2017, Boston, Massachusetts, USA.

* <span style="color:green">[5]</span> **Luan H**, Law J, and Quick M. “Local spatio-temporal patterns of relative healthy food access in the Region of Waterloo, Ontario, 2011-2014”, _The Ontario Public Health Convention (TOPHC)_, April 4-6, 2016, Toronto, Canada.

* <span style="color:green">[4]</span> Quick M, **Luan H**, and Law J. “The influence of alcohol outlet density on violent crime calls-to-police in Waterloo Region: A Bayesian spatial analysis”, _Canadian Association of Geographers Annual Meeting_, June 1-5, 2015,  Vancouver, Canada. 

* <span style="color:green">[3]</span> **Luan H**, Law J, and Minaker L. “Diving into the consumer nutrition environment: a retail food environment index based on spatial Bayesian factor analysis at a small-area level”, _American Association of Geographers Annual Meeting_, April 21-25, 2015, Chicago, Illinois, USA.

** <span style="color:green">[2]</span> **Luan H** and Quick M. “Is neighborhood socioeconomic status associated with fast food accessibility? A spatial analysis of the Region of Waterloo”, _Canadian Association of Geographers – Ontario Division (CAGONT)_, Critical Human and Physical Geographies, October 24-25, 2014, York University, Toronto, Canada.

** <span style="color:green">[1]</span> **Luan H** and Law J. “Web GIS in Public Health Surveillance and Planning”, _Canadian Association of Geographers Annual Meeting_, May 28 – June 2, 2012, Waterloo, Canada.
